# HTML Lists, Control Flow with JS, and the CSS Box Model

### HTML

1. When should you use an unordered list in your HTML document?
   > Creating a list but the order is not important
2. How do you change the bullet style of unordered list items?
   > List-style-type
3. When should you use an ordered list vs an unorder list in your HTML document?
   > You should use an ordered list when you have a list in which the items are important, such as a list of steps in a recipe.
4. Describe two ways you can change the numbers on list items provided by an ordered list?
   > The <type> attribute within HTML. list-style-type can be used to change it in CSS.

### CSS

1. Describe the CSS properties of margin and padding
   > Margin sets spacing outside of the box. Padding sets a distance between the content and the edge of the box
2. List and describe the four parts of an HTML elements box as referred to by the box model;

- Content - The content inside the box
- Padding - The distance between the content and the edge of the box
- Border - the edge of the box (Can be styled)
- Margin - A distance between the edge of the box and other content on the page.

### JS

1. What data types can you store inside of an Array?
   > You can store any data types in an array.
2. Is the people array a valid JavaScript array? If so, how can I access the values stored? If not, why?

   > const myPeeps = [['john', 'tall', 26], ['notjohn', 40, 'doctor']];
   > This is how we'd organise this array. To use this we'd use the variable 'myPeeps'.

3. List five shorthand operators for assignment in javascript and describe what they do.

- = assigns a value
- -= subtract first to the second
- /= divide first to the second
- += adds the first to the second
- \*\*= timesing the first to the second

1. Read the code below and evaluate the last expression and explain what the result would be and why.

- let a = 10; let b = 'dog'; let c = false; // evaluate this (a + c) + b;
- A string of '10 false dog'

1. Describe a real world example of when a conditional statement should be used in a JavaScript program.
   > Using 'if' statements as a conditional way to accept users answers in a prompt.
2. Give an example of when a Loop is useful in JavaScript.
   > A loop could be useful trying to go through answers in an array.
