# Class 02

### Recap

---

In Javascript,

let catFoods = ["biscuit",2,"paws"] this is an array

let theCat = {
name: "whiskers"
age: 3
catFoods: ["example",4,"zample"] this is an object, object have properties and values.
}

In HTML

shortening the code for being more efficient, e.g.

nav>ul>li\*3>a makes...

> < nav>  
>  < ul>  
>  < li>< a href=""></ a>Home</ li>  
>  < li>< a href=""></ a>About</ li>  
>  < li>< a href=""></ a>Contact</ li>  
>  </ ul>  
>  </ nav>

In CSS

specificity class will prioritise

### Read

---

#### HTML

1. Why is it important to use semantic elements in our HTML?
   > Semantic elements makes the HTML more comprehensible by defining sections and layout of webpages. Makes web pages more informative and adaptable.
2. How many levels of headings are there in HTML?
   > 6 Levels.
3. What are some uses for the <sup> and <sub> elements?
   > <sub> define subscript text, text appears half the character below the normal line.
   > <sup> defines the superscripted text.
4. When using the <abbr> element, what attribute must be added to provide the full expansion of the term?
   > title attribute

#### CSS

1. What are ways we can apply CSS to our HTML?
   > <style> element, <link> stylesheet, inline entry
2. Why should we avoid using inline styles?
   > takes time and makes HTML structure unorganised. Size and downloading time of page can be effected.
3. Review the block of code below and answer the following questions:
   > h2 {
   > color: black;
   > padding: 5px;
   > }
4. What is representing the selector?
   > h2 head ling
5. Which components are the CSS declarations?
   > color of font, padding around element.
6. Which components are considered properties?
   > the type of color and amount of padding.

#### Javascript

1. What data type is a sequence of text enclosed in single quote marks?
   > string
2. List 4 types of JavaScript operators.
   > == + - %% =
3. Describe a real world Problem you could solve with a Function.
   > A button could be added on the website which can change the website
4. An if statement checks a ** and if it evaluates to \_**, then the code block will execute.
   > value true
5. What is the use of an else if?
   > does fullfill first state ment
6. List 3 different types of comparison operators.
   > = == != -
7. What is the difference between the logical operator && and ||?
   > && means and || means or
