# Class 01

### Lab

---

[HTML Exercise](https://gist.github.com/tsaku56/c9939938ad084126c128540390687617)

### Read

---

#### Getting Started

---

1. Compose a short poem describing how HTTP sends data between computers.
   > Now below the code,
   > A page for us to see,
   > Syntax errors here.
2. Describe how HTML, CSS, and JS files are “parsed” in the browser.
   > The browser reads the html from top to bottom and reads CSS style sheets for controlling presentatation, formatiing and layout. Then reads Javascript to control the behaviour of the elements.
3. How can you find images to add to a Website?
   > By creating image folder and source refering to the desired image in there ie. "src = "images/example.jpg"
4. How do you create a String vs a Number in JavaScript?
   > A string is ("example"); and number is = 30 in java.
5. What is a Variable and why are they important in JavaScript?
   > A variable is name of data that we want to use for programming and we use certain rules to declare those variables.

#### Intorduction to HTML

1. What is an HTML attribute?
   > HTML is a markup language used to adjust behaviour or display for HTML element.
2. Describe the Anatomy of an HTMl element.
   > < p id="myExample" > This is an example ></ p >
   > This is broken down as starting with an element. Followed by an attribute with a value. Followed by text and finally closing the element.
3. What is the Difference between <article> and <section>
   > <article> is self-contained which specifies independent. <section> defines tag section in a document such headers, footers and other sections of document.
4. What Elements does a “typical” website include?
   > <head><body><main><footer>
5. How does metadata influence Search Engine Optimization?
   > Makes the website more accessible which in turn makes it more higher on a search engine.
6. How is the <meta> HTML tag used when specifying metadata?

   > Used to specify character set, page description, keywords, author of the document and viewport settings.

#### Miscellaneous

1. What is the first step to designing a Website?
   > Drawing a wireframe design to decide the layout.
2. What is the most important question to answer when designing a Website?
   > Making sure that the owner is happy with the website inital design.

#### Semantics

1. Why should you use an <h1> element over a <span> element to display a top level heading?
   > Search engines don't care for <span> tag.
2. What are the benefits of using semantic tags in our HTML?
   > Helps search engines and other devices make the site more highly rated in searchs and more accessibility.

#### What is Javascript?

1. Describe 2 things that require JavaScript in the Browser?
   > <script> element or reference to a scripts.js file
2. How can you add JavaScript to an HTML document?
   > <script> element
