# HTML Links, JS Functions, and Intro to CSS Layout

### HTML

To create a basic link, we wrap text or other content inside what element? - <a>
The href attribute contains what information? - The href attribute determines the destination of the link
What are some ways we can ensure links on our pages are accessible to all readers? - Make link wording clear (for screen readers) and give them a meaningful title for hover.

### CSS

What is meant by “normal flow”? - Normal flow is the way that HTML elements lay themselves out on the page if no styles have been applied to them
What are a few differences between block-level and inline elements? - A block element fills the entire horizontal space of its parent while an inline element is only as wide as its content.
_ … positioning is the default for every html element._ - static
Name a few advantages to using absolute positioning on an element.
popup boxes
In general, UI features that we want to appear over other stuff.
What is a key difference between fixed positioning and absolute positioning? - Fixed positioning positions elements at a fixed point on the screen, while absolute positioning positions them on the page

### JS

Describe the difference between a function declaration and a function invocation. - A declaration defines the fucntion and an invocation makes it happen
What is the difference between a parameter and an argument? - A parameter goes in the paranthesis when you declare the function and arguments are used when invoking the function

### MISC

Pick 2 benefits to pair programming and reflect on how these benefits could help you on your coding journey.
You get to hang out with a friend and not be lonely
a fresh pair of eyes can spot something you may have missed.
