# Design WebPage with CSS

### Lab
---

CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets, and it is a stylesheet language used to describe the presentation of a document written in HTML or XML. CSS is used to control the layout, formatting, and appearance of web pages, including things like fonts, colors, spacing, and positioning.  

CSS allows web designers and developers to separate the presentation of a website from its content, making it easier to manage and maintain web pages. By using CSS, you can create a consistent look and feel across multiple web pages, and make changes to the design of your website quickly and easily.  

Here's an example of the use of CSS;

[Before CSS](https://tsaku56.github.io/wireframe-demo/)

[After CSS](https://tsaku56.github.io/Homepage/)

### Read
---

1. What is the purpose of CSS?
    >CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) allows you to create great-looking web pages. Through CSS you can stylize and place the structure of the HTML to make it look more appealing.
2. What are the three ways to insert CSS into your project?
    >1. External CSS - A HTML file can be linked to a seperate .CSS document using < link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css" /> or similar.
    >2. Internal CSS - CSS can be written within the HTML file itself using the < style> < /style > element.
    >3. Inline CSS - CSS can be written within one line of the HTML file by defining an attribute e.g. style=color:red.

3. Write an example of a CSS rule that would give all < p > elements red text.
    >p { color: red; }
