# GitHub? 

### Lab 
---

Using terminal today we've created a new directory, selected that directory and cloned our GitHub repository. We did this by;

 1. **mkdir 'new directory'** - Make new directory 'name of directory'.
 2. **cd 'new directory'** - Change Directory 'directory you want to select'.
 3. **git clone (link 'example: reading-notes')**  - Clone git repository to your directory.

We then selected this new cloned repos and open this in VS code. We did this by;

 1. **cd 'reading-notes'** - Change directory to new repository.
 2. **code .** - Open VS Code with this repository.

For this lesson, we have to structure our directory to fit the lesson plan. During this process, we followed the A-C-P rules to commit this work back onto GitHub.

1. *Saved any current work.* - Ctrl + S on Windows. Which highlights work not staged for commit. Ready for the process of A-C-P.
2. **git status** - Will check what current position work is. Changes not staged for commit. Ready for commit and Finally if the branch main is up to date. Can use git status at any stage of A-C-P.
3. **git add .** - all changes are ready to be commited. Using . at the end will select all files.
4. **git commit -m "Comments"** - Using comments is a useful aid to show progress in each commit. Explain why changes are made so it easier to understand the history of development.
5. **git push** - Which will send off any stages commits back to GitHub and update online.

### Read
---

1. What is Verison Control?  
    >Version Control is a system that allows you to revisit various versions of a file or set of files by recording changes. Through version control, one can revert a file or project to a previous version, track modifications and modifying individuals, and compare changes. By utilizing a Version Control System (VCS), mistakes with files can easily be rectified.
2. What is cloning in Git?
    >By cloning the file, you have copied all versions of all files for a project. This command leads to the creation of a directory called “test,” with an initialized .git directory inside it, which has copies of all versions of all files for the specified project. The command also automatically checks out — or retrieves for editing — a copy of the newest version of the project.
3. What is command to track and stage files? 
    >*git status*
4. What is command to take a snapshot of your changed files?
    >*git add .* or *git add 'file name'*
5. What is command to send your changed files to GitHub?
    >*git push*

[Return to Home](https://tsaku56.github.io/reading-notes/)